PreCrastinate
=============

Final Project for CSCI 3308 (Software Development Methods &amp; Tools) - Summer 2014

Created by: Matt Comerford, Matt Hong, Tom Kelly, &amp; Laura Matuszewska

We, the creators of the PreCrastinate Android Application, release all of the copyrights to the source code contained in this repository so that it may enter into the public domain. This does not however apply to any PreCrastinate branding which remain under copyright and may only be used as per the Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International Creative Commons License whose details can be found in license.txt.

How to Install PreCrastinate
============================

This application was developed using the Android Development Tools (ADT) plugin for Eclipse.  To run it, download and install Eclipse (http://www.eclipse.org) and the ADT plugin (http://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/eclipse-adt.html).  In Eclipse, select 'File > Import...'.  In the window that pops up, select 'Android > Existing Android Code Into Workspace' and then click the 'Next' button.  In the next window, click the 'Browse' button next to the 'Root Directory' field, and select the directory containing the source code from this repository.  Check the box next to the PreCrastinate project that appears in the 'Projects' field, check the box next to 'Copy projects into workspace', and then click the 'Finish' button.  The project should appear in your project navigation panel on the left.  You can now run the application in an emulator (we recommend Genymotion), or load it onto your Android device running version 4.3 or later.

Documentation can be automatically generated by the built-in Javadoc plugin for Eclipse.  Just select 'Project > Generate Javadoc' to generate the html files, and open them in any web browser.

How to Use PreCrastinate
========================

When the application loads, you will be taken to the Task List screen.  This screen comes pre-loaded with default tasks to give you a feel for how it works.  You can sort tasks in the list by due date or priority rating by tapping the switch button at the bottom of the list.  To delete any existing tasks, simply tap the checkbox next to each one to move them to the 'Completed Tasks' section, then tap the 'X' button at the top right to delete all completed tasks.  To add a new task, simply press the '+' button at the top right to be taken to the Add Task screen.  Here you can specify the task title (a short description of the task), the due date (an optional deadline for the task), the task group (a color-coded category you can customize in Preferences), and the priority rating (a difficulty/importance score from 0 to 5).  When you are finished, tap the 'Save Task' button to save this task to your task list, or press the back or home button to exit without saving.  To change your personalization options, simply tap the gear icon at the top right to go to the Preferences screen.  Here you can set a reminder time (currently non-functional, but feel free to develop this) and customize your task groups.  To modify or delete an existing group, just tap the name of the group to expand a group settings menu.  Make any desired changes to the group name or color, then tap 'Update Group' to update it, or 'Delete Group' to delete it.  To add a new group, first make sure all groups in the list are collapsed, and then tap the 'Add Group' button.  This will add a colorless group named 'New Group' to the list, which you can customize to your liking.  When you are finished, tap the 'Save Preferences' button at the bottom of the screen to save any changes, or tap the back/home button to exit without saving.

Troubleshooting
===============

One common problem experienced while installing this application is a missing R.java file.  R.java is a memory reference index that is automatically generated by Eclipse, but this file may not be generated if the 'appcompat_v7' support library is missing or cannot be found.  If you experience this issue, please search online for instructions on how to connect this library to the project.


Thank you for trying PreCrastinate!  Get organized!
